Don't duplicate captions during publication (#6046)
opencast/opencast: docs/guides/admin/docs/releasenotes.md

## Opencast 15.6

**Attention:**
The fix for the handling of captions by the select-tracks operation
([5829](https://github.com/opencast/opencast/pull/5829)) requires the removal of the operation directly afterwards from

> the `partial-publish` community workflow, otherwise captions will be duplicated during publication (see
> [6046](https://github.com/opencast/opencast/pull/6046) which is _not_ included in this release).

Reviewer: I find this wording pretty confusing. Maybe something like this is clearer:
```suggestion
the `partial-publish` workflow, otherwise captions will be duplicated during publication.
The workflow has beein fixed in 15.7.
For details, see [#6046](https://github.com/opencast/opencast/pull/6046).
```

Author: > The workflow has been fixed in 15.7.

That's not true though. It will hopefully be fixed in 15.8, but that depends on whether this PR gets merged in time. But I guess one could update the release notes afterwards similarly to how I did it for 16.
